In the project repo code that we provide,
we will be using the SDL or Simple DirectMedia Layer game development library.
The SDL library is used to abstract the hardware
so that you don't need to worry about interacting directly with the hardware,
as you're writing your code.
SDL manages video, audio,
input devices, and other components.
It provides you with a simple library interface to interact with these components.
SDL is widely used for game development and it can be used to develop games for Android,
iOS, Windows, OSX, Linux,
and various other devices.
Note that SDL is not a game engine,
so it doesn't have the full development environment
that you might find with Unity or Unreal.
However, building games for the library first will
give you a better understanding of how games work,
and provide you with a fine-grained control of the language and game features.
Additionally, the SDL library has been used to build thousands of games,
including the popular Angry Birds and many games from Valve and Humble Bundle.
So let's get in started with installing SDL,
so that you'll be able to build the project code.